feat(sbb-stepper): introduce `sbb-stepper` component (#2491)
sbb-design-systems/lyne-components: src/elements/stepper/step-label/readme.md

Use the `sbb-step-label` with the `sbb-stepper` to display a step label.

```html
<sbb-step-label>Step label</sbb-step-label>
```

## Slots

It has an implicit slot name: `step-label`.

## States

> It can be `disabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component can be displayed in `disabled` state using the self-named property.
```

```html
<sbb-step-label disabled>Step label</sbb-step-label>
```

## Style

If it is used in an `sbb-stepper` and no `icon-name` is specified, it displays a counter in the label prefix to keep track of the step number.

```html
<!-- Displays a tick icon in the prefix circle -->
<sbb-step-label icon-name="tick-small">Step label</sbb-step-label>

<!-- Displays a number in the prefix circle -->
<sbb-step-label>Step label</sbb-step-label>
```

## Accessibility

> The aria values `aria-controls`, `aria-setsize`, `aria-posinset` are set automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The accessibility properties `aria-controls`, `aria-setsize`, `aria-posinset` are set automatically.
```
